Fix interfaces links (#22779)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/file_system_access_api/index.md

## Interfaces

- {{domxref("FileSystemHandle")}}

>   - : The **`FileSystemHandle`** interface is an object which represents an entry. Multiple handles can represent the same entry. For the most part you do not work with `FileSystemEntry` directly but rather it's child interfaces {{domxref('FileSystemFileHandle')}} and {{domxref('FileSystemDirectoryHandle')}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The **`FileSystemHandle`** interface is an object which represents an entry. Multiple handles can represent the same entry. For the most part you do not work with `FileSystemHandle` directly but rather its child interfaces {{domxref('FileSystemFileHandle')}} and {{domxref('FileSystemDirectoryHandle')}}.
```
